{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Index\
\
\
- Welcome to Gray Ridge Brewery -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It all began in 1934 in Ridgetown, Ontario.  Lyle and Ina Gray established an egg grading station in the very competitive Southwestern Ontario egg market. Lyle Gray had taken a holiday to Copenhagen, where he tasted his first sip of Tuborg beer. Gray was looking forward to travel home and share this delightful experience with friends and family. Unfortunately, Tuborg is not accessible in Ontario as Gray had come to discover following his return. The craving Gray had for the rich taste of Tuborg was beginning to become unbearable.He then wrote a letter to Tuborg Brewery with a pitch to collaborate the two wildly successful companies, and wished for the best. Months passed and the letter had been returned with an agreement. GRAY RIDGE BREWRY was born. \

\fs24 Calling all sippers, chuggers, funnelers, flip-cuppers- and beer pong champions! Have you tagged us in your adventures? Check out our tag below...\
#DRINKINGRAY\
\
\
Taste\
\
Take a sip\'85 this is it.\
You\'92ve shown us kegs full of love. Check out our top three of 2019\
- also try -\
Gray Ridge Lemon\
Gray Ridge Christmas Eggnog\
Gray Ridge Gold\
Gray Ridge Twist\
Gray Ridge BLACK\
Gray Ridge Red\
Gray Ridge Green\
Gray Ridge Fine Festival\
\
\
\
Sound\
\
Welcome to the show\
The \'91YES\'92 Global campaign builds on the cultural \'91FOMO\'92 trend, or \'91Fear of missing out\'92, and encouraging a positive attitude. \
Gray Ridge Brewery pushes the boundaries of cultural lifestyle ensuring it is always cutting-edge, making it relevant for the broad target audience and supports the brand strategic vision \'96 to be a beacon brand in adult youth culture. Positioning the beer as x the brand for the \'91relentlessly curious,\'92 Gray Ridge's new campaign uses the hook:\
\'91Never miss out. Just say Yes.\'92\
\
\
Visit\
Come Tour Our Stompin\'92 Grounds\
Brewery Tours\
Pasteursvej, 1778 Kobenhavn V, Denmark\
Number of People on Tour:\
\
\
Connect\
Connect with Gray Ridge below or tag us on social media #DRINKINGRAY\
We love to hear from our fans, even if it just to say "Thanks for making an awesome beer!" If you have any questions or concerns,  we'd love to answer them and help you out. Gray Ridge would like to thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us.\
Cheers!\
First Name:*\
Last Name:*\
Email:*\
Phone Number (optional):\
Your Message:*\
\
\
\
\
\
}